What is git:
    The idea of git is simple, it is a piece of software runs on your local machine that you can use to record the history of your project. 
    And you can upload/download (known as push/pull in the world of git) your project on/from the server so you can collaborate with other people.

How to get git running on your machine:
	There are generally many ways to install git on your machine, if the approaches listed below do not work for you, just try some other ways 
    from google.
	
	Mac: 
		Use homebrew: brew install git
		Homebrew is a popular package management software on Mac. If homebrew is not available on your machine, google how to install it, 
        should be straightforward.

	Windows:
		There is no native git build for Windows machine, but the git for windows project is doing a pretty good job. You can get the installer 
        from: https://gitforwindows.org/

	Linux:
		This dependents on the distribution you use, generally you can install git by using the package management tool on your machine

Git workflow:
    1. You clone a existing a project from github to your local machine, a project in remote is called a repository
    2. You add/delete/modify the files in the project, create a snapshot and add a description to it everytime you have made some progress.
        A "snapshot" is called a commit.
    3. After you have created some of commits, you would like to upload your work to the cloud so other people can see your work, this is
        called to push your changes.
    4. If somebody else did some work to the same project you have been working on, and they have pushed their work onto the cloud already. 
        You can pull their changes from cloud and merge them into the project on your machine.

How to clone a repo to your local machine:
    1. Use cd command to navigate to your desired working directory.
    2. Run command: git clone _address_of_ur_repo_

How to create a new commit:
    1. Make some changes in your cloned project.
    2. Stage all the changes: git add .
        Or, to only stage some of the changes: git add _some_file_name_
    3. Commit staged files: git commit -m "Your des of this commit"

How to push your work to remote:
    git push -u origin master
    Note1: -u option means to setup the upstream branch of current branch, origin is the name of the remote repo and master means the name
        of the remote branch.
    Note2: After the first time you have used the above command, you can simply use git push in the future

How to pull other people's work from cloud:
    git pull -u origin master
    Note1: After the first time you have used the above command, you can simply use git pull in the future

A complete example of using git:
    1. Use cd command to navigate to your desired working directory:
    cd Desktop

    2. Clone desired project:
    git clone https://github.com/michaeldai1006/git-tutorial.git

    3. cd into the project
    cd ./git-tutorial

    4. Make changes to the project. In this case, create a new text files
    touch someFile.py

    5. Stage your changes:
    git add .

    6. Commit your changes:
    git commit -m "Create text file someFile.py"

    7. Push your work to remote:
    git push -u origin master

Conclusion:
    By understanding the above instructions you should be able to perform all of the basic git operations. There are a lot more to
    learn if you are interested: branch, merge, merge conflic etc.
    
    A free book I would recommend:
    https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2